Necessary clarifications:

(1) Over the end of week 6 I removed a certain section from the "Grading scheme" page. Particularly, the section on grading the software project. As I told you in class, both reports are research reports, not software projects. There were cases when students uploaded archives of 100 MB. Source code is irrelevant. The required documents are relevant.

(2) As the rules say, the reports archives should be uploaded before the presentations. As I told you in class, "before" means "the day before", not "five minutes before". I make all effort to process your archives on the presentation day. However, the students should not assume that I am required to do so. The students are, indeed, required, to upload the archives the day before the presentation. It goes without saying that this means 0:00 hours. Not the morning of the presentation day.

(3) There are two types of delay penalties, applied as points against the report grade. One is the penalty for delay in selecting the time slot. This is "the number of weeks between the deadline and the selection date".

(4) The other delay penalty applies to the actual time required to write the report. The rules say clearly that "multiple submissions are possible, but the last submission before the actual presentation will be considered. Its submission time will be the recorded time". Consequently the penalty for delays in the presentation apply for the recorded time of the report upload, not the recorded time of the presentation itself. 

This applies for all delayed reports submitted before Wednesday week 8 and presented on Week 9, as I will be absent on week 8, Wednesday and Thursday, for example. The students should also note that between week 12 and week 13 there are two calendar weeks that induce delay penalties for reports upload. 

Again, the penalty penalizes the extra amount of time actually required to complete the work. And, of course, the 3 points for the quality of the oral presentation are awarded (in full or in part) only if there is an actual oral presentation.

(5) There are 110 students registered, from ICA-1, HPC-1, and Erasmus. There are three weeks for the first report. For the first week we had 12 presentations. As the schedule files show, a presentation is limited to 10 minutes. As a sign of respect for your colleagues, I will cut the time if any  presentation extends beyond this limit. 

Horia Pop
